The way i started was cuz i wanted to write a simple program to take a number and tell me its table pretty simple.

Though i unironically screwed it. I wrote scanf("%d", num) and forgot '&'

oh well that ended up perfectly... wrong.

Basically scanf takes a input and picks it to the memory location metioned after this comma. So it reads num as a memory adress which means nothing even normally.

But here it was unitialized. So C picked up some garbage value and thew it in num which got read as a memory adress to be written to.

Well we will never know what that value was but the OS interverened over my Screw up so it was probably somewhere stupid.

I further fixed a few things cuz magic numbers are bad so i made a few cont variables.

But then i asked chatgpt on how the code looked and it said i could add some Defensive input handling basically - 
if (scanf("%d", &number) != 1) {
    fprintf(stderr, "Invalid input.\n");
    return 1;
}
It said "That way, your code won’t proceed with garbage if someone enters a letter."

I unironically did it and luckily my num was initialized to 0 this time so everything in the table was 0.
But the point is that it failed to read it and is now giving garbage result.

and the input is still in the input buffer so next time you call scanf it will read that and give garbage.

You might even read garbage constantly and keep failing in a infinite loop. Imagine that one bad clik and boom infinite loop

C truly lets you shoot yourself in the foot.

So i thought i can fix this. SPOILER it wont end well.

So i asked chtgpt to give me a better way to tase this input. it recomended me weired strtol strcspn in this fegets. 

It is like what is fgets btw? Oh it simply takek a buffer and throws stuff from input to it bsed on the size. 

Okay i can probably red it like a normal person and loop it. The only problem is implemetation sucks.

So i decided insted of this funtion returing int it would return a sting which i can later convert to numbers if they can be converted otherwise they are basically error messages.

TO BE UPDATED......

